All right so we are looking good.
We have to add a couple a couple of things here we need to add the radio bands right here to select
everything and we need what each individual radio button right.
So let's go ahead and do that.
Probably.
All right.
Let's go ahead and do that.
I was going to do something else say something else but that's fine.
So first we need to go to the heading and we need to add this another heading right here.
So why would the heading be.
Well we need it to be a t h input right.
So let's make it input and the type is actually a checkbox is not a radio button.
All right.
And Id We need to give it an ID because we need to use javascript and I do have a course in javascript
if we want to learn Javascript in BHB and Javascript Zych actually is why you need for web development.
Those are the most important things.
Once you know the mail and c he says in this markup languages and studying languages then you need javascript
and BHB right so I have a good course on that.
Select all boxes we're going to name this.
Perfect.
All right.
So let's go back and see how that looks.
Refresh and we can see that we have a checkbox right here.
All right.
So we need to have more checkboxes here on the left side.
All right so for that we are going to be actually echoing something before everything else are right
here.
This is the first echo that we making right here.
This is the cat title right here for this one.
We need to echo that right here and it has to be an input.
So first we need to put the T in there.
Close it out.
And this put the input here of course and I'm going to get any Let's get it from here.
Get the input from.
Here we go
here.
Let's take out the chords.
We don't need to make a single quotes since we are inside BHB right.
And I'm just going to give this a class actually besides the I'm not an ID but a class of
checkboxes.
All right type checkbox that's fine.
And then you could as a matter of fact you know what I feel.
Let's take this out of here because I want to know what we are doing here.
So I'm just going to not echo this anymore.
And this just break BHB right here.
And then I started back here again and take this to the right here for the right here that way.
Clean to us right.
That way we know exactly what we were doing.
It's very it looks cleaner.
So we have this highlighting right.
So check box here and we are also getting have to give it a name and a value and the name actually.
And we can use double quotes.
Now that's fine.
Let's just keep using single call since we are using those.
Now here is the fun part.
All right you're going to probably tell me why in the world are you doing.
Well we need to give these actually as a value.
We need to make this an array.
And I got to tell you in a minute why we need to make this an array is going to be an empty array.
All right.
So check this out.
All right so now that we have this check box here the way that we find each value of this check box
is when we click it right.
Then we get information once we click that we get this guy right here right automatically Well the form
has to be submitted.
Of course when we click Apply and this name matches it is going to go to the polls.
So pro-global right.
As an array.
But right now they are always empty so we send it the way it is is going to be empty.
We need to provide a value before we send it in.
So what what value are we going to be sending.
Well let's put the value right here value
and the value is going to be what you think divided is going to be.
You tell me.
I think right now.
Tell me what you think the value is going to be.
Well you can't tell me.
But if you save the post ID you are correct.
Think about it like this.
You click here.
You need to provide this specific I.D. for this specific post to be able to delete that specific post
or delete this one.
So we need to feel that way we have IDs of our polls that we want to delete.
This is an empty array right now.
The valley is an empty array.
Right.
So the Post IDs this one right here right.
Great.
All right.
So just put the value right here and we need to just make sure that you echo it.
There we go.
All right.
Perfect.
As you can see now it's good.
Good to go.
All right.
So anyways I think we are.
We're done with this lecture here.
I don't want it to get too long and the next one we're going to end up.
I think we we need to make another piece of coal that it's not too large but it's normal large.
Right.
But anyway I hope you're having fun having a lot of fun and I know you're learning good great things
things that we help you in the future.
And I'm really grateful to be able to teach you this.
So I see you the next lecture right.
Take care